It was him
Did I ever offend him?
The Marquis of Hui Ding is named Chu Dayou
Chu family
This is interesting
What are you going to do?
You were sold to the brothel
Sending it out will hurt your retail.
It's not easy to deal with it on the surface.
I have a good idea
We will repay them with their own way
Knock him out and put a sack on him
Take all the tokens of identity on him
Throw it all away
Then sell him to the bitter cold at the border
Let him contribute to the construction of Beitang
No, it's fine
The princess' idea is really good
Master Tang Yao, go and do it
Yes, the subordinate will definitely do it well.
Who is pumping big oil?
Yuan Qingling
How does it feel to ask others in the brothel
Against me
He deserved it.
Go ahead.
Something bad
What's wrong so
Your uncle went out drinking after returning to the tripod and was robbed
There has been no news for a day and a night now.
What? Did Brother Hao find something?
Then Princess Chu has a trace now
So that's kind of the good news.
Princess Chu has now been found
It is said that he had a conflict with the fifth emperor brother
He is now safely back in the mansion.
How could this be?
It shouldn't be like this